.TH turnin 1 "25 Sept. 2014"
.SH NAME
.sp
turnin \- Electronic assignment turn-in program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
.B turnin
[-h|--help] [-V|--version] assignment@class file1 [file2 [...]]
.sp
.SH DESCRIPTION
.sp
.LP
.B turnin
is the standard command available for turning in electronic assignments.
.LP
.B NOTE:
This command is currently only available under the department's
computer infrastructure.
.LP
\fBHowever, check with your instructor or TA to be sure how you are supposed
to turn in assignments for your particular class.\fR
.sp
.SH STUDENT USAGE
.sp
.LP
Simply type
.sp
.ce
\fBturnin assignment@class file1 [file2 [...]]\fR
.LP
If you see a message
\fICommand not found\fR, type \fI/usr/local/bin/turnin\fR instead
of \fIturnin\fR.
.LP
.sp
.I assignment
and
.I class
are the assignment name (e.g., as1, as2, etc) and turnin
account name (e.g., cs100, cs150b, etc.).
.I file1,2,...
are the files and/or folders you want to submit for this assignment.
.LP
The
.B turnin
program might refuse to turn in binary files (depending on the configuration),
and has other miscellaneous constraints which it announces as needed.
.LP
You can make multiple turnins of each assignment (up to a limit), but
you should follow the specific rules given by your instructor.
.LP
To verify that you have succesfully turned-in your assignment type
.sp
.ce
\fBverify-turnin assignment@class\fR
.sp
.SH INSTRUCTOR USAGE
.sp
.LP
To have your students use this version of turnin, you must create
a subdirectory
.B TURNIN
in the home directory of your class account.  For each assignment
create a subdirectory
.B TURNIN/assignment
for each
.I assignment
name you give out.  Assignment names are arbitrary, but your students
need to know the names you give to each assignment.
.LP
There are several files that you can create within the assignment
directory to control aspects of
.B turnin's
operation:
.LP
.B README
is printed out for the user at the beginning of the turnin.  It can be
used to provide special instructions or reminders to the user.
.LP
.B LATEMESSAGE
file is printed out for the user if due assignment.
.LP
.B late
directory contains late submissions.
.LP
.B on_time
directory contains on time submissions.
.LP
.B LOGFILE
keeps tracks of each turnin.
.LP
.B SHA256
keeps the sha256 digest of each turnin.
To check the integrity of the turnins issue:
.IP
sha256 -c SHA256
.LP
.B LIMITS
contains lines which specify keywords and values:
.IP
maxfiles 100
.IP
maxkbytes 1000
.IP
maxturnins 10
.IP
binary 0
.IP
daypenalty 10
.IP
weekendpenalty 5
.IP
duedate YYYYMMDD HH:MM
.IP
lockdate YYYYMMDD HH:MM
.LP
that will set limits on how many files, how large the turnin can be,
how many turnins can be made of each assignment and a boolean value
to denote whether binary files are allowed to be turned in.  (The default
values are shown above).  Note that if you allow binary files, you
should only run them when you are logged in as the class account, and
even then only if there is no confidential information in the account.
.LP
Occasionally you may find files beginning with '#'.  These represent
failed turnins.
.LP
Turned-in assignments are named
\fIuser\fR-\fBN\fR.tgz
where \fIuser\fR is the name of the user executing turnin and increasing
\fBN\fR represents more recent versions.
A symlink named
\fIuser\fR.tgz
points to the most recent version.
.LP
To access a turnin of \fIas1\fR by \fIuser9999\fR,
.IP
cd ~/TURNIN/as1
.IP
mkdir tmp
.IP
cd tmp
.IP
cp ../user9999.tgz .
.IP
tar xvkf user9999.tgz
.LP
which will unpack the student's latest turned-in assignment.
.sp
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
.sp
.B turnin
generates lots of error messages.
.SH FILES
.sp
.PD 0
.TP 20
.B ~class/TURNIN/assignment/
.PD
